hey everybody welcome to the Wolfe pit
today I'm gonna show you how to make
crispy and golden fried calamari simple
easy and delicious so let's get started
I have some calamari rings here that
I've patted dry on paper towels and
these are actually squid rings a lot of
people don't know that that's what they
are I'm gonna simply season them with
salt and pepper and now get your hands
in there and give them a toss now give
them a good dusting of flour
and now get your hand back in there and
give them a good mix to make sure
they're all well coated shake off most
of the excess flour and then drop into
350-degree oil for about one minute or
until lightly golden brown
after one minute the calamari is lightly
golden brown so I'm gonna go ahead and
pull these out and sprinkle the salt and
you want to be careful you do not want
to overcook these otherwise they're
gonna turn into rubber bands now
continue this process until all of the
calamari is lightly fried in golden
brown
and there you have it fried calamari
lightly fried until golden brown
served with lemon wedges and your
favorite marinara sauce thank you guys
very much for watching I hope you give
this a try and I'll see you next time